The site is fairly intuitive and I did not experience any major issues when signing up and creating a post.  Some general feedback:

"Hiring" heading on the front page may not be the best title.  
Does that mean "I am a business looking hire some people", or "I am a home owner looking for a pro".  I expect the latter.  

"Full Name" field upon signup:  A few thoughts here.  I intuitively tabbed between first and last name.  
Consider splitting up First/Last name, or possibly renaming this field to "Full name or Business Name". 
 I realize adding a couple extra data entry fields complicates the very simple signup process.  
 There is a lot of value in just 3 fields required for signup.  Maybe I am over thinking it.  


###
Javascript popup indicating "You are registered, ...".  I expect you will update that to either bring you 
to your profile page directly, or prompt an email validation process.  


During the post creation process, you will want to give a description or examples of what fields Post Title, 
Description, etc mean.  For example:  
Post Title ("Residential Plumbing Services")
or
Description (Provide more detail on the services your are offering, or the type of work you are looking for)

Consider adding some kind of location or geographic area field, to indicate the areas serviced by the poster, 
or the area in which the person needs help.  You may also want to indicate what fields appear public.  
Address does not, phone number does.

At some point, I lost the ability to view my current posting.  I know I was able to see it on the Dashboard at one point, 
but I cannot now.  I did start to create a second post and not finish it, so maybe that is related.  

I know this is in development and overlooked some of the obvious things that will get fixed later, 
such as password show in plain text, data validation in fields, etc. 





ok other things I noticed... 
registration, some ui elements have clear background and are hard to see. 
the new image takes a long time to download, 
there was still some issue with seeing your list of posts after creating a new one. 


main steps needed now... 
display the created time... 
calculate the post expiration date. 
add the 'payment' process to the post creation. 

turn Stripe to LIVE....
add tons of records and posts. ....

website MISSING from the create post form. 

